ALEX's script
Another day a black man wanting to worship some white ass, pull out that nigger dick for me right fucking now. 

You know i wonder why black men are always so overconfident, you think just cause you have a big fat gorilla dick that you can just get white girls to do anything? huh nigga? fucking answer me! 

I cant stand how cocky most of yall are, im pretty sure your just stroking your dick right now fucking wierdo. What more can i say to you. I cant even think of you letting me say this shit to your face. im not gonna act like i dont say nigga 24 7 what are you gonna do about it? absolutely nothing. Your all talk bitch! Nigga, nigga, nigga, now what!

Anny wanny's script
Come here nigger, come sit under these nigger tits and ass, tell me you love these nigger tits nigga, coon ass nigga your so wierd to be liking shit like this but here you are, jerk that black dick nigga come on i know your already doing it, you know you miss black girls, your here overwatching these white skinny bitches all the time. lol stroke that black useless dick nigger, yall aint shit but dick you fuck good, no money no future niggas just shoot and fuck make money and spend it on dumb shit, we should start fucking with white boys like that i guess niggas are just gonna be niggas stare at this black ass for a change.

Client ID
be8fa14b8b7b67a539e5

Client secrets
aa2a9d79a07d845538831ac011694f64106ed2b8

ALEX's script part 2
Hi daddy, how are you doing today, hows that african dick doing huh?, i want you to pullout my favorite chocolate candy bar, your dick. i know you want me my mouth all over it baby i know you do but for me i want you to just stroke it, im your little russian white girl, your favorite russian white girl right? say it say you love me nigga say you love this white ass, this entire white body, i should teach you how to speak russian huh? all the white girls like bbc, and i know you would do anything for me, so stroke that black dick nigga do it i know you want this white cracker ass, stroke it baby, you know what i want i want you to bust that big old chocolate nut, nigga come on my big african gorilla stroke that shit you can bust now baby just let it out!
